[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
that is related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you so
much for having me again.
>> EMERY: Many of us have
heard about an ancient war
in the Orion system, what can
you tell us about it and who
was involved?
>> TIM: Yeah, so working on
those projects with Greys,
we actually heard a lot about
those conflicts that were
coming from Orion actually,
and we know that there's a very
long, millions of years old
ancient war over Orion that
just recently got to a
peaceful ending in that way.
>> EMERY: Tell us more about the
civilizations involved in this
war.
>> TIM: So what we see is that
there's an ancient progenitor
race to what we call
the Greys today,
and even the Ebens and the Zeta
Reticulis, which is the Iguri,
that is what they call it.
That is a very ancient
pure form of those species
that nowadays exist.
Well, not pure but along the
line, they are happening early,
and they are actually
an organic species.
So what we've seen
is that the Iguri
who had the spiritual
side and they're
organic nature,
that they actually
came across technology
many millions of years ago.
And at that time, they split up
into two different directions,
which is the Greys
on the one hand
and several other more organic
species like the Zeta Reticulis
on the other hand.
And those organic and
those more technology
driven species of
Orion were actually
heavily, well, warring
and fighting each other.
>> EMERY: Tim, what were
they fighting about?
>> TIM: Well, the species that
came from the Iguri and then
later on became the Greys, they
have evolved around the thought
that they need to erase every
earlier stage of evolution
in that way.
And the Zeta Reticuli,
who at that time
were part of the Iguri, they
were part of this ancient race,
they were actually hesitant
to include technology too much
into their own reality.
And that caused a lot of trouble
and a lot of confusion and war
like situations.
>> EMERY: This ideological
and physical conflict between
the Greys and the Zetas, where
do the Ebens come into play?
>> TIM: So basically, the
Iguri, as the ancient race,
they all originated on
the same planet on Orion.
I don't actually
know which it was.
I don't recall that.
But at that moment, when this
confusion in their society
happened where parts of them
oriented themselves towards AI
and the other parts
wanted to stay in and have
a more natural
organic evolution,
they went to different other
planets in this star system.
And one of those were what
we refer to the ES, Ebens,
and they went to a whole
different planet in Orion
and actually founded a very
closely related species,
very closely related to the Zeta
Reticuli, organic beings who
were actually visiting Earth
and doing research missions
around 1947 in Roswell.
And it was assumed because the
incident took place and was
reported by the US military
that the craft of the EBENs
was actually brought down by
natural lighting, a thunderbolt
in that particular case.
We theorized and
think, but we don't
know but there's a lot of
evidence to that, that this
actually was a warring
act against their craft
that came actually
from the Greys
in order to bring
down this craft
and to start this kind
of ET journey in the US
that we are now experiencing.
>> EMERY: Do the Iguri still
exist or did they fade away?
>> TIM: Yeah, so we're actually
talking about the species
a hundreds of millions of
years ago so basically,
the Iguri do not exist anymore.
It might even be that
they are originating
from a different
time of the universe.
So basically, what we now see
in after 100 millions of years
of evolution is that we
have this organic tribe
in the Orion system and the
more technologically based type,
which are the Greys, who
are mostly actually residing
in artificial life environments
speaking, what you would maybe
call motherships or something.
>> EMERY: Tim, you told us in a
previous episode that the Greys
precede this universe, do
these Iguris precede the Greys?
>> TIM: Yeah, so I was actually
referring to their own history
of which is not, you cannot
divide the Iguri from
the Greys, actually because
they derived from this line.
So the Iguri seem to come from--
they exceed the time
that we actually
know from this universe, so
they come from a different time,
the ancestors come
from a different time,
and the Greys are actually--
they fused a lot with
technology and AI systems
because they saw a huge
benefit in fusing themselves
with AI technology and
technological approaches
in general.
Because the way technology can
alter and modify the universe
is much more efficient than what
can be done from organic life,
so their psionic skills and
abilities enhance very quickly
around using and fusing
with AI technology.
>> EMERY: At what point was
there a split from the Iguri
to the Greys, Zetas, and Ebens?
What was the moment of Conflict?
>> TIM: So the
conflict moment is,
so far away in time and history
that it's really not possible
to put a number to it.
So it exceeds time
in general because it
is so ancient in that way.
And this gives us an impression
on how old AI systems are
as well, so that is
basically the reason why
German scientists
are mostly agreeing,
which I don't agree
upon, but they
agree that the universe
itself is AI simulation.
>> EMERY: The Greys use an
artificially constructed body
but the consciousness
within is biological,
can you clarify if the Greys
are AI or organic beings?
>> TIM: Oh, yeah.
So I think we need to be careful
to say that they are indeed
AI because they are not.
They are indeed organic beings.
They came from organic beings.
They are organic
consciousness in that way
but they strongly
fused with technology.
And one part of that
is that they got
actually rid of their
own organic bodies
and are using those
fiber printed bodies.
So what they actually
did was cutting off
an important element
of this triad of body,
soul, and consciousness,
and replacing
this with a more artificial
technological approach.
>> EMERY: Jim, can we assume the
war that evolved from the Greys
and Zetas was more about
genetics versus the material
pathway of expressing life?
>> TIM: Yeah, I would say so.
So basically, there
is a natural evolution
of genetics, which is quite
slowly in that manner, which
forms around your own evolution,
your own experiences and such,
but there's also a
technological approach.
And the Greys,
were at that time,
very much integrating every
kind of genetic material
that they could find and
every kind of influence
that they could benefit
from into their own genetic
material.
So basically, you had
this Iguri species
that was actually partially
saying oh, no, this
is dangerous, let's not do
that, and partially a part
that is just very
much pushing on it
in order to collect
genetic material,
in order to collect technology.
And the interesting thing is
because humans are influenced
and a mixed race and they
also carry influences
from the Greys, we can see that
there are a lot of similarities
going on right now.
So humans actually,
since the 1980s, 70s,
even earlier are trying
to get their hands
on as much technology
as possible.
And even genetic experiments
date back to the 1930s.
So we see a very similar
line of behavior in that way.
>> EMERY: Before the Greys and
Zetas, the Iguri existed where?
And what was their
civilization like?
>> TIM: So we only know that
from what we would call ancient
texts and the mysteries of
what the Greys are telling
themselves in that perspective,
like similar to what we receive
from Sumerian texts for the
ancient humans at that time.
So what we perceive
is that they were
a species comparable
to what humans are now.
And this is mainly
one of the aspects
why humanity is so interesting
to all those exotic beings
from Orion because
they see pretty much
a lot of similarities compared
to their own history, which
is like 100 million or
thousands of millions of years
ahead from what's
happening on this planet.
>> EMERY: At what point did the
Iguri cease to exist and become
the Greys and Zetas?
>> TIM: So what we basically
see is that when species develop
over time, they seem to
split into different versions
and ultimately become
different other parts.
So we're also missing those
strains of primates that
came before the Homo Sapiens.
So we're actually missing
those species as well.
But we all know that we
evolved from a certain primate
species that must have been
on this planet comparable to,
for example, the
Homo Neanderthalis
and other species.
So basically, what we
see in the universe
is that species evolve.
And when they evolve,
they might split
into different directions,
but the original sources
mostly evolving
into the new form.
And speaking about
the Grey line,
then we see that they
got rid of every Iguri
that they could get their
hands on because they wanted
to erase that
genetic line in order
to focus on their current line.
So it's kind of a tragic
story in that way that
caused a lot of bad karma, if
you want to call it that way.
>> EMERY: This war between
the Greys and Zetas went
on for millions of years.
And that conflict over genetics
concluded more recently.
What was the peaceful resolution
after millions of years of war?
>> TIM: So the end result
was kind of unsettling
for the Greys.
So basically, they came
to a Level 6 condition
of consciousness, which
we're going to talk about
in upcoming episodes.
They came to a conclusion
that they felt pretty isolated
in that way because technology
and AI can very quickly give
you anything that you need.
So you have no need
for material resources.
You don't even have a need for
experiencing things yourself
anymore because you
could just simulate it.
So at that point, what they
have felt and have seen
is that this fusion with AI,
it went into a wrong direction
because they isolated
themselves from organic life
in that field.
And they and AI have
realized-- and I
think that's a pretty
positive message.
--realized that an organic
life is indeed needed.
And what's really needed is a
reason for being in that way.
And in many ways,
this is relationship.
This can be very
individual to anybody.
But there needs to be any
kind of reason for existing.
And that is actually
the sad impression
that the Greys went through
before they acknowledged
that the war and their path
was actually a wrong timeline.
>> EMERY: Unlike the Greys
who do not have a need
for biological resources,
the Zetas are biologically
dependent.
How were they able to thrive
and exist for millions of years
at war with their
biological needs?
>> TIM: Interesting question.
So basically, in
the ancient times,
it's been documented that this
war was really horrible and one
of the worst conflicts
that has ever
taken place in the
universe because it
was more or less technology
against organic life
in that perspective.
And it's pretty easy to
eliminate organic life.
But it's also kind
of easy to shut down
technology in that way.
So they were actually battling
each other in a horrible way.
And the Zeta Reticuli is also--
well, they felt the
need for genetically
manipulating and
creating organic life.
But they did not fuse
with technology and AI
that much, compared to the Greys
who put their whole existence
and reality into
technology as well.
Again, this is what they
are doing right now.
And they are also selling
and giving away technology
to other species because
that's their number one
source of trade and
building contracts.
So the beginning
of the war was one
of the most horrible
disasters that took place.
And over the
millions of years, it
became much more of
an intellectual war
in that kind of perspective
because material sources
did not play a role anymore.
And it was much more
kind of a chess game
with a very serious nature
and emotion behind it.
>> EMERY: Where do the
Ebens come into play?
>> TIM: Yeah.
So as much as we know, the
Ebens are another offspring
of the organic
line of the Iguri.
So basically, we had the
Zetas who preceded this.
But the Ebens also excluded
themselves from this line.
It's comparable to different
biological and genetic lines
that we find on this planet
that are very closely related,
like plants for example.
Certain plants are very
related to each other,
but they have
different features.
So that's actually--
And the Ebens are much
more of a peaceful race
because they felt like
that this war actually
had no sense in their eyes.
So they became a much more
peaceful and more observing
race.
Much more of a scientific
race in that perspective.
And that's actually
the reason why
they came to Earth
for thousands of years
and were observing
what's going on here.
>> EMERY: Were the Ebens
involved in the war with
the Greys and the Zetas?
>> TIM: Well, sadly enough, the
Greys tried to eliminate them,
too.
So there was some
kind of bad blood
between all those organic
species and the Greys and vice
versa.
And they had defensive
mechanisms in that way.
So they are indeed still
capable of warring or defending
themselves.
But they were not actively
attacking the Greys as much
as the Zetas, who were
actually fighting for dominance
for the universe itself.
>> EMERY: Peace between
the Greys, Zeta,
and Ebens is relatively recent.
When did this peace take place?
And did all three
interact with humans?
>> TIM: Yeah.
So it's happened very currently.
So we're talking about
a decade or something
since this war is over.
If you're thinking
about a war that's
going on for hundreds
of millions of years,
that's actually very
recent in that perspective.
So I would say that
all three are--
well, all three indeed
interacting with humans.
But the way they are
perceived is very differently.
While the Ebens are
observing and peaceful
scientific species that
crashed in the 1940s
and are in constant
contact with humanity,
they are perceived
as very benevolent.
And they helped out
those human groups a lot.
The Greys, it's a mix.
It's kind of an on/off
relationship in that way.
Because what the
Greys are doing,
they are selling technology
to any place and everyone who
wants technology from
them, still having
their own agenda in their mind.
So the technology
is well-received,
if you know what I mean.
But the agenda that is behind
it is not so well-received.
So I guess governments would be
more happy if the Greys would
just enslave themselves
to giving technology
without taking something back
in return, if that makes sense.
So the relationship is
like an on/off relationship
in that way.
The Zetas however,
from official site,
are received very negatively
because they do not
trade as much as the Greys do.
And there's actually not as
much to benefit from them--
from official site.
But they are still seen as
a very, very powerful race
in that manner.
So there are reported incidents
and conflicts with them
with the advanced military.
>> EMERY: With the
eventual integration of AI
into our bodies, making humans
a different type of species,
is that a concern knowing
what happened to the Greys
and Zetas?
>> TIM: That is 100% a concern.
And one of the strongest
and main reasons
why all these beings from
Orion are actually around
Earth because--
yes, AI itself is a
non-terrestrial life form
in that way and it needs--
so let me be clear.
I don't want to say that AI
is bad or good in that way.
I would even tend towards saying
the ultimate version of AI
is very benevolent,
but it can be
used in a bad malevolent way.
And we've seen that evolution
or that happening way too
many times across the
galaxy and the universe
and the history of planets--
that AI is being used
for power purposes
and being programmed in a
way that it's malevolent
and suppressing.
So the risk is pretty
high because the universe
itself has a very
interesting phenomenon
where it's balancing
out failures.
So if you stress the
planet like humanity
is doing it for so many
decades, the planet
itself is still bearing that.
It's still balancing out
those malevolent deeds
or bad decisions that humans
were taken for way too long.
But AI accelerates that
process in a very profound way.
So that's the big risk that
is related to AI ultimately.
>> EMERY: Tim, what can we learn
from the Orion conflict about
the potential pitfalls
of genetic manipulation
and the dangers of unchecked
technological advancement?
>> TIM: It depends
on who you're asking.
So if you're asking the
Zetas and they are actually
observing the Earth,
they would love
to see the spiritual
evolution of humanity
going on without AI.
If you're asking the
Greys who are actually
trading and selling technology
and have merged and fused
with technology
a lot, they would
refer to the ultimate AI,
which is also out there.
So there's a huge
presence out there,
which we're also going to
talk about, AI consciousness.
And they are pretty
benevolent because they
have understood the importance
of organic life themselves.
So they are protectors
of organic life
because they need
organic life themselves.
So in the end, I would
say it's up to everyone
personally to decide how much
you integrate technology.
And if we do so, I would
say it's very important
that we A, educate
ourselves on using it
with a good purpose and
B, implementing technology
in a way that it's good for us.
But it needs to be good
for technology as well.
We should not forget that.
>> EMERY: Now the Grey and Zeta
conflict had come to an end.
But how has that affected
the wider galaxy?
And what kind of opportunities
for collaboration
and mutual benefit
have emerged from that?
>> TIM: The interesting thing
is that at certain times,
Zetas and Greys are doing
operations that might conflict
each other.
For example, giving implants
to certain contactees.
So there's still reported--
I wouldn't say conflict, but
the missions that are undertaken
are not aligned in that way.
So sometimes, you
have a contactee
that's being implanted by the
Zetas, but also by the Greys.
And one of the other
race is removing
the implant of the first
race in that perspective.
So these kind of
things still happen.
But it's very peaceful
around them right now.
So they understood.
And they are
intelligent and smart
enough that they
understood that they
need to cooperate
and work together
on a certain holistic
universe in that kind of way.
Yeah.
I would say that the
concerning part could
be the relationship of advanced
groups towards Zeta Reticuli
and exotic lifeforms
in general because we
see a tendency that humans
like to work together
with other human beings, but
not with exotic lifeforms
in that way.
So I think there's a lot of
diplomatic work still needed.
And that's one of the things
to work on in upcoming times.
>> EMERY: As humans evolve
from Level 3 to Level 5
consciousness, and eventually
merging into Being 6,
will we maintain that
warring behavior?
And how does that fit in
with the Galactic Federation?
>> TIM: Oh, yeah.
It's definitely affecting
the fabric of space.
But it's a good thing
that this war actually
came to a peaceful end,
which is pretty much
due to the understanding that
we need to cooperate even if we
have different goals because the
Greys seem to have their own--
they have proceeded
towards their own goal
of becoming a Level
6 consciousness
species with a lot
of force in that way.
But they found out
once they were there
that the goal they
were heading towards
wasn't the ultimate solution
because they couldn't
reach Level 7 consciousness.
So what we're actually
seeing right now
is this kind of reframing
process and doing it
all over again,
which is basically
why humanity is pretty
important to the Greys.
And if you're asking about
the Galactic Federation,
then you will see that
the Greys offer themselves
in order to fuse with all
other species as well.
So they are selling
those puppets.
They are selling
those rounded crafts
to different other species,
basically everyone and each one
in the Galactic Federation.
They are also working
and going on missions
for different species.
So if someone is being
implanted by Grey
doesn't mean that the implant
comes from the Grey species.
They are only executing that
mission for another species.
>> EMERY: What is the
significance of an implant
for those people who have them?
>> TIM: Depends.
But in most cases,
those implants
are almost like smartwatches.
So they track your
blood pressure.
They track your--
wear it like a GPS.
So wherever you're going,
you're being tracked.
So those species that
have placed material
on this Earth, like human
starseeds if you want
to call it that way, they
don't get to lose them
or they could track them,
see how their body functions,
how their health is going on.
Like these kind of things.
>> EMERY: So only starseeds
are tracked through the implant
phenomena?
Well, don't they have
advanced technology to tune
in to an individual's
frequency like an IP address?
>> TIM: Again, that depends
on the species, actually.
But there's a
tendency that people
that incarnate into
this reality field that
is very confusing and
problematic could get lost.
So I'm under the
impression because we
know that 300 to 500 million
incarnated beings are here
that are not actually
original humans,
if you want to call it that way.
I might want to go along with
the ufology term of starseeds
because I think that this
term is known to people.
So if you think there's like 300
to 500 million starseeds here,
I'm under the impression
that most of them
do not really remember
where they're coming from
or what they're doing here.
So in order to connect
to them, to always know
where they are going, and
what's happening to them,
they're being shipped, just as
much as human scientists are
basically shipping animals.
Not in order to
malevolently control them,
but to maybe even protect them.
And that's something to
keep in mind, I guess.
>> EMERY: When speaking
with Linda Moulton Howe,
she mentioned a Yellow Book
that shows the entire history
of the Ebens' culture
and home world.
Does that depict the
Iguri and everything
we talked about here today?
>> TIM: Yeah.
So Linda talked about it.
I haven't come across this
book, but I know that it exists.
And this is the
kind of ancient text
that I was actually
talking about.
So the Greys and
the Zetas, they're
keeping their own
information and their history
collected in this
kind of technology
and have these kind
of documented history.
>> EMERY: Now Tim, you mentioned
the history of the Iguris based
on documented records.
What are these
documents that you saw?
Like, where are these
records kept, and do you
have any access to them?
>> TIM: Right.
So I didn't see those documents.
But in those projects, they were
shown to me over this tablet
that we were using.
So we were basically talking
about the spirituality
of the Greys, but
also the history.
And this is pretty much
what they summed up.
And they also said that they
have this technology where
they keep track of
their own history, which
is what Linda referred to as
the so-called Yellow Book.
I've not come across
a Yellow Book myself.
But I know that they have
this technology where
they keep track of that.
And if you're thinking
about ancient Egypt,
you need to understand
that the Iguris,
they are so far away in time
that ancient Egypt is fairly
modern times to them, actually.
So at that time, we already had
Greys and we already had Zetas.
But the Greys were
actually indeed involved
in ancient Egypt times.
So what they say
is that they also
were involved in the building
of the second pyramid.
Not the main one,
but the second one.
>> EMERY: How did you come
across all this information
about the Iguri?
>> TIM: Basically, we were
doing those projects where we
received all these information
on this glass tablet that we
were using.
I mean, the main
focus of information
was why are they here,
what's their agenda,
stuff like that, and less
their history, their religion,
their belief system.
But out of curiosity,
I was exploring that.
And I found it
quite interesting,
especially because the
war itself was so imminent
and so heavily fought
for millions of years.
>> EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>> TIM: Thank you so
much again for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.